*disclaimer- most of this content is from my actual parent's site, I mostly want to redo the layout and make it look nicer I think their wording is fine.

Our mission-
Vision has been dedicated to providing professional production support to the entertainment industry since 1982. Vision can manage your equpment and techincal applications from small meetings to large formal venues

Event services-
	Full even services:
		event planning
		media support sound
	Sound:
		Concert systems
		portable systems
		side mix monitor systems
		multiple track systems
	Lighting:
		Studio Lighting
		Stage Lighting
		Custom  Lighting & Gobos
		intellegent Lighting
		Follow Spots - Special effects
	Video:
		Video Production
		Front & Rear Projection Screens
		Plasma Moniters - Plasma Walls
		LCD Moniters
		LED Walls
		Video Capturing, Editing & Streaming
	Generators and Power:
		Safe power distrobution
		Array of Sizes/Outputs
		Portable & Towable
		Gas & Diesel
	Backdrops and Theatre Drapery:
		Pipe & Drape
		Multiple Colors Avalible

Rentals-
	Portable Indoor/Outdoor Stage & Roof:
		Full stage and roof systems
	Sound:
		Concert systems
		portable systems
		side mix monitor systems
		Small & large frame consoles
		Outboard Processors
		Ground & fly support
		wireless & wired microphones
	Lighting:
		Stage Lighting
		Intelligent & Special effects lighting
		Spotlights
	Video:
		Flat Screens/Video Projections
		Live video feeds/Streaming
	Two-way Radios:
		Motorola Dealer-radios/accessorites
	Rentals can include delivery, set up, 	technical support, and removal of equipment
	
Stage & Roof Systems-
	Stage:
		Our staging is designed to solve a variety of portable staging needs we pride in offering modular lightweight portable stage platforms. The Staging panels are 4' by 8' with a weight load rating for 150lbs per square foot.
	Roof:
		Visual excitement; Our roof systems will assist in making any event a hit. While covering and protectting personnel and equipment it allows for additional lighting sign advertisement and soud features. *Multiple sizes to choose from.
		
Studio Production-
	Vision Maintains a comprehensive audio, video, and Midi recording studio, featuring analog and digital multiple track recording formats and using state of the art equipment:
		*list of brands
	Professional instument rentals also avalible:
		*list of brands

Installations-
Vision will design and install your new audio/ video systems in any new construction, addition, retro-fit, or remodel situation.
	Commercial Spaces:
		Auditoriums
		Theatres
		Businesses
		Houses of Worship
		Boardrooms
		Sports Complexes
		Office Spaces
		Retail Rpaces
	
	Residential Spaces:
		indoor/outdoor systems
		home theaters and surround sound systems
		individual rooms or complete home packages
		System integrations
		Complete A/V electronic management
		
Retail-
Vision repesents major industry manufacturers.
	Dealer direct (included but not limited to):
		*list of brands
		
Service-
service after the sale is an integral part of our business philosophy. An investment in an equipment purchase or installation from VPGT is an investment in our customer service and techincal support.

Contact us-
*contact info